[Logging] Document the Monolog `reset()` method for long running processes (#16609)
symfony/symfony-docs: logging.rst

See :doc:`/logging/processors` for details.

Handling logs in long running processes
---------------------------------------

During long running processes, logs can be accumulated into Monolog and cause some buffer overflow,
memory increase or even non logical logs.

> Monolog in-memory data can be cleared using the ``reset()`` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monolog in-memory data can be cleared using the ``reset()`` method on a ``Monolog\Logger`` instance.
This should typically be called between every jobs/tasks that a long running process is working through.
```

> Monolog supports to be reseted via the ``reset()`` function, this allows to empty the log pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Monolog in-memory data can be cleared using the ``reset()`` function.
```
